---
title: "Graine's Journal"
permalink: /lore/misc/graine
excerpt: "Kingdom of Drakkar Graine's Journal Lore"
---

{% include base_path %}

## It is the Month of Whitening. 
I have found myself standing in a strange town. I arrived here via a round portal with a blue wave upon it's surface. I stood in a small hall that held several other similar type portals. These seem to have had some form of construction around them; telling me that them being here is no accident. The portal I used to get here was found on an island in the deep southern part of the ocean in the land I come from. Exploring this township gives me the name of Nork. I have not ventured forth into the other portals as of yet. I have been here for six months (I discovered that I arrived in the month of Skyfire; so named due to a comet that streaks across the sky); doing odd jobs. It seems that my psionics can be put to great use here. But I have knowledge that even these skilled ones cannot yet possess.

## It is the Month of Harvest. 
I am among an adventurous lot. We seem to have gathered in a great hall, roughly one hundred strong, plus the four "leaders". It has been decided that we shall enter this portal that presents itself before us. The King sends word with a runner that this portal leads to the fabled land of Cobrahn. Perhaps it is here that I can find a way for me to return to my own land.

## It is the Month of Leafturning. 
Many hardships have we faced. The four leaders grow distant to us all. We have established a small town deep in the mountains, very close to the portal in which we arrived. Many of us have used our psionic abilities to help carve out this rock and make it a place to live. Gorflog and I have spent many a night trying to improve upon some of our psionic prowess, but the denizes of this place are quite powerful; even for all of us. Many of us have fallen. Even Loriapi, Chipuda's protege and love, had fallen to the dark forces of this land.

## ???
I no longer can keep up with the months. We have been here for so long. Rumors speak of returning to the land of Nork. Gorflog and myself continue to research our psionics. This land seems to be taking a toll on the four leaders. I think they are at the very least planning on returning for supplies.

Another month has gone by. Something has gone wrong. Terribly wrong. I had finally discovered a way to enhance my psionics. I attempted to show Gorflog what I had done, but instead it seems I had encased him solid stone. I looked behind me only to find an injured child. He was hurt due to my incompetence!

More time has passed. I have been put in a small chamber, out of range of anyone. They fear that the darkness of this land has taken me over. This is not true! I made a mistake! I can only hope that Timmy is okay, the poor child.
For a long time I have sat here in total darkness. This cave in which they put me seems to have some strange power. I do not have need of sleep or food, but it also seems to be taking away my psionic abilities at a very slow rate. I have been here for who knows how long. I understand that some dark fortress was discovered to the west of here. I also understand that many more died to that dark power. Some have blamed me; yet how could I be to blame? I have been imprisoned in this cave for what seems like 2 months.

The passage of time continues. My eyes can barely make out anything at all. I have heard that many more of us have fallen and that the four leaders are returning to Nork. The guards have been removed from the mouth of this cave, and massive rocks have been put in place. I lack the strength to perform my psionics properly.
Total darkness consumes me. Every now and again I swear I can hear a mouse scurry past me. Perhaps it is just my mind toying with me. I hear no voices from beyond the rock.
When left in total darkness even your own whisper is deafening. I feel my mind going numb.
How many years have I been locked in here. I have memorized _every inch_ of this dark cave! I was forced to! I lost my book in this darkness and could not find it. Perhaps it only took me a matter a minutes to find it in this darkness; perhaps it was days, maybe months.
Madness.

They will pay for leaving me here. I cannot even die of hunger because of this cave!
All that were left behind will die a swift death for abandoning me here. Timmy was only injured! Gorflog was not even killed!
I have begun to dig into the rock with my bare fingers. I will be free of this place!
I scraped a fingernail off clawing at the rocky wall.
I have found a soft spot and am slowly making my way deeper into its surface.
How long have I been digging? months? years? there seems to be no end to this rock!
At last! I have emerged! I can feel my strength returning! A low light fills my eyes. It is painful. I will sit here and allow my eyes to adjust.
For a long time I have sat here. Hunger has returned to my gut. And I can feel my psionic abilities returning as well. I will have to practice them and regain my strength. But first I must eat.

I have been able to form an illusion over the hole I dug out of just in case any of them wander back to check on me.
After walking down a long twisty hallway with several rooms sprouting off; I have found a bucket. Perhaps it has been discarded, or simply misplaced. I will take it with me.
I can hear strange cries from all around me; but everything looks different from what I can remember. I have found some moldy bread, it will have to do for now. I am careful to avoid any run ins with whatever may be around here.
Eight times I have left the safety of my cave. I have found several more lost buckets, and am not gathering quite a collection in this cave. An odd thing to lose buckets like that. I have also managed to regain the ability to make myself invisible. This will allow me to move much more freely.

I have seen them! I have seen those that have imprisoned me! They will all pay! One thing to note; this strange land seems to be a little more tame than what I remember. There is now a great tree that I have seen. Many strange looking things live within it's mighty branches. It will be of no matter. As soon as I can regain the ability to form fire; it too will fall to my power.
I have found it! I have found the very spot in which Gorflog was encased in stone! But he is alive and well! I have even heard a woman crying for her little Timmy! It pleases my heart to know they are alive and well. But they too shall pay for leaving me to rot in that strange cave. And why is it that I aged; yet it does not appear that they have?
On my journeys out I sometimes spy what looks like a familiar face; but the name is not recognizable to me. Perhaps these are the children of those that were with me when we found this land? I have also seen many a strange looking adventurer. Clad in very odd looking armour and cloth.

Following these odd looking adventurers I have discovered that many things in this land have come to power. They will all pale in comparison to mine. But for now I must rest and regain my psionics. I wonder if these new adventurers have new things that I can learn from...
I have focused in on 1 particular adventurer. Valarc appears to be his name. In his dreams I haunt him. He knows of me, and I can only assume he will spread word of my existence. Perhaps those that trapped me here will remember their cruel actions. Either way; their demise will be met at my fingertips!

I have discovered the month is once again Whitening. Who knows how many Whitening months have passed since I have been imprisoned here. I am slowly gaining power. I can feel my psionics flooding back into my mind.
A few months have passed for it is now the month of Skyfire. It is the same month in which I came to the odd land of Nork all those years ago. And it is tonight that I shall mark my return!
Valarc fell like a rock to my power. I was able to learn much from him, and will continue to practice those tactics.
How careless I have been! It seems I have forgotten to close my cave and someone has found their way in. Perhaps I shall wait here in the darkness for them to return so that I can watch and learn even more.
Yes! Just as I thought! Valarc returned! and he brought someone with him! He referred to her as Rosey. Both fell quite easily.
It has been about 1 month and I have refined my psionics much. I feel I am ready to infiltrate this land and make my mark!

In my battle I made fall a few more adventurers, Funns being among them. I have learned many more things; but one thing in particular. An adventurer named Hoss has a unique ability to to shrug off my psionic attacks. In fact, he slew me in this temporary form I live in. I have also learned that I need to have better protection that just my wool robe and my wooden staff. Right now I sit in the darkness of my cave, watching that barbarian Hoss. He seems to be scanning the darkness for me. My eyes are adjusted for this lack of light; but I know his are not. I am safe here, as long as I stay in this darkness. A thought has crossed my mind as I sit here waiting for this smelly barbarian to leave. What if I were to go to the powers in this land and offer my help to them? Perhaps they can help me in my quest as well. That stink filled barbarian has left, now I shall clean my wounds and prepare for this journey.

I have found the portal we used to first gain access to this land called Cobrahn. Stepping thru made me long for my own home. I wonder if I shall ever see it again. I also feel anger and I want to taste revenge against every living thing for leaving me locked in that cave. I found myself once again in the land of Nork. Standing in the room of portals was one lone adventure. I did not attack. He was too puny looking. But I will stalk him and make him wish I had done so, ha! I also have learned a psionic form long forgotten to me. I ran across an adventurer named Spider and charmed him to drop his halberd. I then took it.

Upon returning to my cave in Cobrahn I felt weak. I needed much rest. But to my surprise a group of adventurers was waiting for me. In the end a crafty woman named Liza caused my fall. Once again I went to the darkness of my cave. But many things I learned from that fight! Oh their doom will be legendary even the suffering of Rankin will pale in comparison! Perhaps I should pay a visit to the powers here in Cobrahn; as to not be caught unawares again.
I ventured far to the south and ran across a vast jungle. In the jungle was a hut. A vaguely familiar "L" adorned the front door. With hesitation, I knocked upon the door. A very familiar face greeted me but instantly anger arose from within. Loriapi. She was one of the ones that kept me here. I began to form one of my psionic disciplines at her; but she threw up her arms and pleaded with me. She said she was not to blame. She too had much anger. She too held a hatred for all adventurers. She too was left behind. She explained to me that after a great battle she was thought dead and by the time she made it back to the portal; the four leaders had already left and had sealed the portal. She had been here for years brooding. I explained what happened to me; and she admitted that had she known she would have broken me out herself. She gave me some items to help me in my battle against these new adventurers.
Upon returning to my cave I immediately noticed something was amiss. Something gold and glittering covered the floor. Someone else had entered my cave. They will pay for what they have done. I have returned to Gorflog and simply observed. I have thusly refined a psionic ability even beyond what he can teach. Yes, those that broke into my cave will most certainly fall at our next encounter!

More visits to other powers have resulted in more items to help me on my way. I can feel my own power beginning to take shape. Yet, I can feel something in my heart tugging. I long to return to my own home; not this darkened cave, but my home! I have had encounters with more of these adventurers; each encounter ending in the same way; I hurt them; and they hurt me. I escape back to my cave, just as they escape back to their healers.
Perhaps those adventurers know of a way to help me return to my home.
I again went to visit Loriapi, but she is content to stay here in Cobrahn. I have not revealed to her my desire to find a way back to my own realm.
My thoughts dwell upon Loriapi. I am certain that she can help me to return. But perhaps she will try to stop me? I must take a chance!
Something seemed to possess Loriapi. She threw her own psionics at me; catching me quite unaware! No. That will simply not do. Once I have regained my energy I shall return and teach her my own disciplines!

Upon returning to slay Loriapi I found a group of adventurers already in deep battle with her. I witnessed a few of them fall to her dark psionics. At this time one of them noticed me, Liza again. The same one that attacked me those weeks ago. For a brief moment I saw an advantage to teaming up with them to help destroy Loriapi. Before words of acceptance could even breath out of my mouth I found myself flat on the ground; by the hand of Ravaillac. I was taken aback by their tactics! I was caught completely off guard! I returned and threw a discipline directly at him. I now see their battle tactics and must admire them for their trickery! But oh woe to Liza. She will also fall to my hand soon enough. Ask for my help and send her warrior to slay me! Praytell this battle is just beginning…

I have woken this morning to find a letter addressed to me in my cave. Mutual interests it speaks of. From someone named Terrel. A mighty boaster he seems. Claims few surpass his skill with psionics and greatsword. Says he can teach me what he knows. More on that later... He claims his friends are unsurpassed in the land. But what has me angered is his knowledge of my desire to return to my home! How can that be known? It's almost as if something out there is reading my thoughts; or perhaps even this very book. No time to worry about that know. Yes, the Terrel claims to want no coins or items for helping me; only the knowledge in how to get to my home. He goes on to state that he wishes for me to join up with him to help defeat someone named Lazloth, and someone named Lanapi. I recognize those names, but I am not sure from where. I shall see what information I can find about them but for my own knowledge. As for this Terrel, what arrogance! To think I would even take him to my home! He has no idea of the dangers there! Even if I were able to return now; I would fall just upon arriving! But Terrel has something he wants to teach me... Perhaps I shall go now and seek this knowledge.
While I was unable to find Terrel; I did find Liza. I admire her for her interesting tactics. I almost was willing to help them. Perhaps this Terrel is using some of the same tactics; claims to want to help me then has his fellow adventurers ambush me; just like Liza did. I will keep a watchful eye on certain events to come.

I had a dream that I was standing in a distant land. I saw myself standing in front of a shop or some sort and that a female appeared. She looked injured, but that did not stay my hand. I instead watched her fall under the smallest psionic discipline. But then I felt a twinge and kindly picked up her corpse and took her to a healer. He simply said; Rise again Miss Rosey. Why would I have done that? I awoke in a cold sweat; feeling sorry for the actions in my dream and vowed to stay clear of that distant land for the time being.
I found a lone soul and took to examining her gear. That is what I need to thwart the plans of these adventurers; something more than the simple rags I wear. Little did I know that it was Liza again. I barely recognized her. Something seems a little different about her, a somewhat friendly face. For now I shall let her be. I wonder…

## 2-21-03 
Another scroll has been placed into my cave. It almost seems as if Liza has an obsession with me, for in fact that scroll was from her. I haunt her dreams muhahaha! She claims to feel pity for me! Pity for me?! She wants to offer me love! She wants to offer me friendship! Like Terrel, she claims to want to help me find my way home. I am not sure that I trust this. I have seen her tactics before. Make it seem as if she is my friend only to have her adventurous lot attack me while my back is turned! And to claim to want to help me find my way home? Oh but they just wish they could do that; probably so they can step foot into MY realm! I see her motives! I am not fooled! But oh how nice it would be to feel the comfort and peace of love and friendship once again. I am still quite doubtful, however. Perhaps I shall venture forth sometime soon and see what happens…

## 2-21-03 (later that evening) 
It is just as I have suspected! I ventured forth to test this "friendship". I was greeted with the bite of cold steel! I found a dim-witted barbarian named Dizzy screaming profanities as he attacked the relentless mobs of walking death deep within the city of the dead. I made myself known and tried to show him a way to take them down faster. A strange fellow arrived by the name of Caligula, so I set to show him as well. No sooner had I prepared to give them a demonstration than did Boramier arrive. He took to grasping his weapon and slicing me! I never even once withdrew my own weapon! They claim to want to help me! I have even seen this Liza in the company of Boramier. Is this another plot to try to take me down? Trust is for the weak. Not again will I display that weakness.
2-22-03 Two scrolls in my cavern! One is signed by Kiri, another by Terrel again. One appears to be a plea for me to give this Liza a chance, the other for me to meet with Terrel. Kiri suggests that a meeting should take place, perhaps in a solitary location. Indeed that would remove my concerns, but as I have said, Trust is for the weak. I will find this Liza but it will be on my terms, at my time of choosing, and at my location. Likewise will I do the same with Terrel. We shall see, yes, the two of us shall see what they have in store! And if it is but another trap we shall crush both Liza and Terrel!

## 2-22-03 
A very interesting parley with a few of the adventurers today. It seems that either they have a very elaborate plan in the works; or I can in fact trust them. I met with Liza and Terrel. We then moved our parley to the branches of the great tree. There I met also with Merlin, and with Fishead, and with Firestorm, and with Selena, and with Funns, and with Darklord. Zio was also among them. They all wished an alliance, but also warned that others in the land would not desire such a thing. I bid them to take leave and spread word of this alliance. I shall meet with then again after I have had a bit of time to think upon the impact this alliance can make. Perhaps this is a lot that can be trusted after all…

## 2-25-03 
I took to a small journey this morning. I found a group of adventurers high atop the castle where the giants dwell. They bid me fair tidings as I passed through. On the lower level, however I ran into the mighty Cerebrus. He does not trust me, which is probably for the best. It seems he does know the fable of the frog and the scorpion. Cerebrus swung his halberd at me, once again throwing this shell to the ground. I returned to teach him a lesson. And a lesson I did teach him; three times! But yet, his persistence made him return once again. While in conversation with another, Cerebrus threw my shell down once again. But Lo! I had the privilege of seeing that crazed barbarian Grraaagh slam his own halberd into Cerebrus! An entertaining event nonetheless! Yes, I should say that soon they shall realize but one of my secrets. It is becoming more difficult to hide…

## 3-1-03 
It is the dawning of a new season. Much research have I done over the past few days. I have discovered that this land contains relics of an age long since moved on. It is once I have obtained these relics that I will be able to continue my journey home! However, therein is the problem. I know not what these lost relics are. Ancient writings on rotting scrolls speak of what I seek; but nothing further as to where they are. The adventurers of this land seem to be allowing me to my own devices; as long as I leave them be. I just wonder what will happen when it comes time for me to seek help in crossing the mighty river…

## 3-3-03 
Just as I thought! Lies All Lies! This alliance of theirs was all a hoax! Oh how trusting was I! I stood and healed them as they died to the smelly giant king and in return they repay me with a sharp blade and a touch of psionics! How foolish was I to believe I could trust them! They are just like those that imprisoned me all those years ago! They care not for my journey! I am certain now that they wished only to use my powers to open the gate; then to slay me in my moment of return so they could infiltrate my home for themselves! What a barbaric lot these adventurers are! But soon they shall know my TRUE form! Soon they shall know my TRUE wrath! I have learned much of their secrets; giving them only a sample of what lies beneath my shell! Yes, soon shall suffer all the adventurers for this backstabbing treachery!

## 3-9-03 
I am unsure of my next move. I went to the mighty tree this evening, only to be cast down many a time. I lifted not 1 finger, I formed not 1 discipline, I used not 1 weapon. I in fact gave them my only weapon, a staff. But still they cast me down. I gave them my neck, and like hungry knives they cut at it. They forced me to drink poison! I tried to tell them of the items in which I seek; but they would not hear me. They instead held my battered body high upon their hands to show off their handywork! Eventually they grew tired of beating me and took their leave. I was then allowed to scrape my gear up and put it back on. Yes, there were some that tried to heal me, they tried to help me; but I fear that they too missed what I had to say. All the better now that I reflect upon it. With those that would backstab me; it is more for the better for me to keep these items in my mind only; least they find them and hold them before I can locate them. Perhaps it is in my best interest to keep a low profile while I search for that in which I seek…

## 3-29-03 
For 20 days I have skulked in the shadows. For 20 nights I have lived in the night! And finally my search is at an end! Now it is time to gather my components and make my journey; and it shall be without the aid of these adventurers! I know that few, oh so very few, still wish to commit themselves to my cause... I am still willing to entertain that notion; but the next time we meet, it shall be on MY terms! It shall be in a place of MY choosing! It shall be on MY land! On MY plot of ground! And it will either be the fall of those adventurers, or the fall of Graine!

